chore: add pageSnapshot option (#34669)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/test-api/class-testoptions.md

Learn more about [automatic screenshots](../test-use-options.md#recording-options).

## property: TestOptions.pageSnapshot

> * since: v1.10

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* since: v1.51
```

- type: <[PageSnapshotMode]<"off"|"on"|"only-on-failure">>

> Whether to automatically capture a ARIA snapshot of the page after each test. Defaults to `'only-on-failure'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Whether to automatically capture a ARIA snapshot of the page after each test. Defaults to `'off'`.
```

I don't think we want it on by default.
